Dev docs (#420)
populationgenomics/production-pipelines: DEVELOPERS.md

# Requirements

You will need the following software installed to complete this setup:

- Homebrew (if you are on macOS), or an equivalent package manager
- Python 3.10.x (there have been some issues with 3.11)
- Java 8 or Java 11 (required for running Hail locally)

> Since most of our org use Apple laptos for developmnent, this rest of this guide assumes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since most of our org use Apple laptops for development, this rest of this guide assumes
```

that you are operating in a macOS environment.

## Homebrew

> Setup homebrew according to the instructions [here](https://brew.sh/). Before closing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up homebrew according to the instructions [here](https://brew.sh/). Before closing
```

Author: Thanks! Will likely wait until the hail fix to merge this.
